SCIM: Add docs beta warnings (#49096)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/scim.md

# SCIM

<aside class="beta">
<p>

> <span class="badge badge-beta">Beta</span> This feature is in beta and might change in the future.

Reviewer: The first sentence here should explain _why_ it's still in beta and roughly what to expect. Saying "we're spec compliant but haven't tested it against everything _yet_" sets expectations right, IMHO, without underselling.

```suggestion
<span class="badge badge-beta">Beta</span> This feature is in beta while we're testing it with more identity providers. Our implementation compliant to the SCIM 2.0 specification, but since implementations might differ on the side of identity providers, we can't guarantee that it works with all of them.
```

Reviewer 2: I like this update, I think it makes it clear why it's beta and that just because it's beta doesn't mean it won't work for them

</p>

<p><b>We're very much looking for input and feedback on this feature.</b> You can either <a href="https://about.sourcegraph.com/contact">contact us directly</a>, <a href="https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph">file an issue</a>, or <a href="https://twitter.com/sourcegraph">tweet at us</a>.</p>
</aside>

SCIM (System for Cross-domain Identity Management) is a standard for provisioning and deprovisioning users and groups in an organization. IdPs (identity providers) like Okta, OneLogin, and Azure Active Directory support provisioning users through SCIM.

Sourcegraph supports SCIM 2.0 for provisioning and de-provisioning _users_.

> > WARNING: We’ve only tested the endpoint with Okta and Azure Active Directory. Be cautious when using our SCIM server with other IdPs.

Reviewer: We've already added the beta label. I think a warning here is too much.

```suggestion
> NOTE: While our implementation of SCIM 2.0 is compliant with the specification, we’ve only tested it against two identity providers: Okta and Azure Active Directory. We can't guarantee that it works with every identity provider if the provider doesn't comply fully with the specification.
```

Ideally we'd also mention that we pass one of the test suites?
